hey this is pressure Walker this flower
math problem is said to come from a
Chinese test for five-year-olds after
was posted online it created a huge
debate as people could not agree upon
the correct answer can you figure it out
give this problem a try and when you're
ready keep watching in this video I will
present what many people consider to be
the correct answer to get started you
want to look very closely at the
pictures in the very last equation the
first picture shows one yellow flower
this is not the same as the equation
before which has two yellow flowers now
look at the blue flower in the last
equation there are four petals on this
flower in all of the other blue flowers
there are five petals arguably these
differences mean the very last equation
cannot be evaluated however we can try
and assign a consistent value with all
of the other information in this problem
let's try and do that the first equation
has three red flowers equals 60
this means one red flower is equal to 20
the next equation has a red flower plus
two blue flowers equal 30 we can use the
value of 24 the red flower and then we
have twenty plus two blue flowers with
five petals equal to 30 we subtract 20
from both sides so we have two blue
flowers with five petals equaling ten if
we count each petal as a value we have a
total of ten blue petals so we can
assign a value for a blue flower as
saying it's equal to 1 per petal
the next equation has a blue flower with
five petals minus two yellow flowers
equal to three we can assign the blue
flower with five petals a value of five
we then are subtracting two yellow
flowers to be equal to three this means
that each yellow flower has a value of
one now we'll use this information to
try and evaluate the last expression the
yellow flower will replace with the
value of one the red flower will replace
with the value of twenty and the blue
flower with four petals will replace
with the value of four we have one plus
twenty times four twenty times four is
equal to 80 and we add one to get our
answer of 81 did you figure out this
tricky problem thanks for watching this
video please subscribe to my channel I
make videos on math and game theory you
can catch me on my blog mind your
decisions which you can follow on
Facebook Google+ and patreon you can
catch me on social media at pressure
Walker and if you like this video please
check out my books their links in the
video description